stolostron/backlog#21626--enable klusterlet addon (#3480)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: add-ons/submariner/submariner.adoc

=== Using the subctl commands

> After adding the utility to your path, the following table briefly describes the available commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the utility to your path, view the following table for a brief description of the available commands:
```

Reviewer: Thanks. Good catch!
